the thing was yaka france is
specialized in the sale of materials
professional furniture equipment chr
so our customers are only the
catering professionals but
equipping oise is also d in
equipment how to forget the first
strong point of yaka france is before
all cee standards
so we respect at the level of our
materials the quality of our products that
we use to achieve in everything
what is in quest equipments which
second point is the delivery in 48
hours when it happened in
stock than from manufacturing to
installation at the customer
we are very responsive in 48 hours
the customer can be delivered installed
at his home from 4 years and also known for
its prices very interesting and bitter and
they are on average between 30 and 35 %
lower on the market price
we ship book all over France
and the european union
why I'm happy about yaka france
because it's for me it 's just
companies of the most
performing in the field that
respects the dates we made a study
very high level of acquisition
of material and then he ironically fate
even while walking I saw a sign
yaka france and so I came back and
I was completely seduced
fortunately for less than praise
and that good feedback on the furniture
I chose my experience
in the restaurant business
lux I was pretty sensitive about
different moods that I could
rub shoulders with these long years of water
came up with the idea of ​​creating a learning that
we see an atmosphere
interior design decoration
we exist since 2008 we have the
pleasure to welcome you to lyon in
our very big showroom as well as on
our website yakham france.fr
when you expose a very wide
product range
the goals of yaka france have everything
first of all to create ten agents are the
five years to come across France
to become the number one in decoration
and furnishings for conservators
but also present on europe and the
Maghreb
obviously with France and listening to
his customers with his service a very good
responsive and available
I recommend this company there are four
years because because for me it's
a serious company